in good morning everyone as you know
less than 72 hours ago I was elected
president of the nation's government and
Believe me that for me it is a true
satisfaction that one of the first
What I do is to address all
you want me in the first place
express gratitude for the
valuable mission that you are
developing abroad all
thank you very much to the members of the
armed forces of the civil guard of
the police and the community of
cooperation and scientific know that
you have full recognition
of the government of the nation and of all the
Spanish society
you know that this year 2011 has been a year
difficult for everyone I want to remember
today and transmit it to all of you from
all those who have lost their lives
serving Spain and all
those who have suffered the pain of
wounds to all of them I want to send them
from here an affectionate greeting and all the
recognition of the government of Spain '
You also know that this year we have lived
a serious economic crisis and that the
events have been developed with
great intensity which undoubtedly has
made his work more complicated and maybe
less visible but I want them to have
clear conscience that society
Spanish know they are perfectly
knowing what you do and
that's why the institution to which
belong most of all of you
is the most recognized and valued by the
set of the Spanish
I also want to tell you that I am
absolutely aware of longing
that can be felt on days like these
Today, all Spaniards celebrate
the holidays and Christmas Eve
because with our families we see
our friends are moments of peace of
tranquility of being with ours and
that's why we remember those who are
far we remember and we recognize the
value of your work from your effort and
that sacrifice
I want to tell you that they will always be a
priority for Spain and of course for
the government that I preside over in these
moments and we're not going to skimp or
means or efforts to guarantee its
security and the effectiveness of their missions
I want you to know also that since
Afghanistan's Antarctic
passing through the indian or lebanon
our homework your homework is essential for
the fulfillment of our commitments
international spain will assume
always your commitments in the world
Spain will always be with its
allies spain will always fulfill its
word and we will always do it in
defense of freedom of security and
of human rights of rights
individual of the people that is what
most important that we have as such and
In this sense, his work is fundamental
is basic to all of us and their
he gives his sacrifice his discretion his
professionalism and its good work are
exemplary values ​​with which you can
face any challenge even in the
more difficult circumstances such as
many of those that you know that
we all recognize them
their effort in the task they develop
that we are proud of all
you that Spain is a great nation a
very important country of the most
important to the world for us
of course the one that more than we're going to be
up to the circumstances and that
we have forces that have always
been and I am absolutely convinced
what are you going to follow are from here
from madrid from spain
I send all of you a
affectionate hug and I wish you have
a happy poinsettia also a happy
Christmas and that next year that already
soon enters 2012 as it is the best
for all of you for your families
for your friends and for the people who
They want me to finally and finally like
we are human beings that is the most
important
thank you very much